What can I cook with chicken?What is the capital of France? Who wrote "To Kill a Mockingbird"? What is the largest planet in our solar system? Who painted the Mona Lisa? What is the smallest country in the world? What is the longest river in the world? In which year did the Titanic sink? What is the hardest natural substance on Earth? Who is known as the "Father of Computers"? What is the chemical symbol for gold? What is the largest ocean on Earth? Who discovered penicillin? What is the capital of Australia? How many continents are there? Who invented the telephone? What is the square root of 64? Who was the first person to walk on the moon? What is the largest desert in the world? What is the main ingredient in guacamole? Who wrote "Pride and Prejudice"? What is the tallest mountain in the world? Who was the first President of the United States? What is the currency of Japan? What is the hardest rock? Who painted the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel? What is the capital of Canada? What is the longest bone in the human body? Who wrote "1984"? What is the smallest planet in our solar system? What is the chemical symbol for water? Who discovered America? What is the capital of Italy? What is the main language spoken in Brazil? Who invented the light bulb? What is the largest mammal in the world? Who wrote "The Odyssey"? What is the capital of China? What is the most widely spoken language in the world? What is the largest continent? Who developed the theory of relativity? What is the main ingredient in traditional paella? Who wrote "The Great Gatsby"? What is the capital of Russia? What is the chemical symbol for oxygen? Who was the first woman to win a Nobel Prize? What is the largest country in Africa? What is the largest city in the United States? What is the main ingredient in sushi? What is the highest-grossing film of all time? Who wrote "Harry Potter"? What is the capital of Egypt? What is the smallest bone in the human body? Who is known as the "Queen of Pop"? What is the capital of India? What is the most popular sport in the world? Who wrote "Romeo and Juliet"? What is the national dish of Spain? What is the name of the longest wall in the world? Who is the founder of Microsoft? What is the chemical symbol for iron? What is the capital of Germany? Who painted "Starry Night"? What is the most populous country in the world? What is the capital of Brazil? Who discovered the theory of evolution? What is the main ingredient in hummus? What is the currency of the United Kingdom? Who wrote "The Catcher in the Rye"?
